Subject: [ANNOUNCE] emacs inform-mode 1.5.8 released

This is to announce the release of a new version of inform-mode, a
major mode for editing Inform files in Emacs.  The code has been
uploaded to incoming/if-archive on ftp.ifarchive.org and should soon be moved
to if-archive/programming/editors. It is also available from the
inform-mode home page:
        http://rupert-lane.org/inform-mode/

New feature in version 1.5.8:

* inform-run-project (C-c C-c) runs an interpreter on the z-code file
  for the current project. This allows you to test games from within
  the development environment.

  If 'inform-interpreter-command' is a string (eg "frotz") then it
  will be run as an external program. This program can either be a
  standalone program like xzip or winfrotz, or it can be a
  character-based application like frotz or jzip: in the latter case,
  set 'inform-interpreter-is-graphical' to nil and inform-mode will
  run it in a terminal window using 'term' mode.

  If 'inform-interpreter-command' is a symbol then inform-mode will
  call it as an Emacs Lisp function, which is useful if you want to
  run malyon on it or have a custom function you want to run on the
  story file.
 

Bug fixes:

* Don't fontify semicolon after keyword.
* Fontify double-quoted dictionary words properly.
* Expand filenames sent to inform-project-file-list.
* inform-retagify should now work on NT systems.
* Don't move point unnecessarily in inform-indent-line.


The following obsolete function has been removed:

* inform-convert-old-format


If you find any bugs please report them to me at
        rupert@rupert-lane.org
I am also interested in any ideas you have to improve the mode.

inform-mode was originally written by Gareth Rees and was previously
maintained by Michael Fessler. It is free software; you can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2, or (at your option) any later version.
   
Thanks to Stephen Silver and Espen Wiborg for their very useful
bug-reports and patches.
   
R  



